Welcome back.
Let's finish off this crash course for bootstrap with a project assessment exercise sort of complete
the section testing out your new bootstrap skills.
And as you kept mentioning the key to understanding bootstrap is really being able to go to the documentation
and utilize components that you haven't directly had experience with yet you'll be able to understand
and break down documentation examples and implement that same code inside your own.
Tim all files.
So for this project you're going to be building out a carousel picture site from some skeleton code.
Keep in mind we haven't actually gone over carrousel pictures from Bootstrap in our previous lectures.
That's because we want you to grow that skill of going to documentation seeing something you haven't
used before and then implementing it into your own web site.
Now underneath the bootstrap folder there's two HTL files.
One is called Project main and the other one is called Bootstrap project sign up for its T.M..
So go ahead and open those up in your text editor and we're going explore what tasks we need to accomplish
for this project.
Keep in mind there's also a subfolder for bootstrap project solutions.
Those are the solution files so don't peek at those yet unless you directly want to jump to the solutions
lecture.
Let's open up these two files in our text editor and explore what tasks we need to finish.
All right.
Here you have both h tim l files open this first one that I'm looking at the larger of the two.
This bootstrap project main h t m l and the second one is bootstrap project Sign-Up the h t l.
So let's go over what you need to do.
Essentially your task is to complete the commented suggestions here.
Inside the skeleton code.
So step one you can see there's the h tim Skelton but you need to add in the bootstrap for links.
So those were the links to the CSSA the javascript and the query from the first documentation page.
So you just copy and paste those for step 1.
Step two is to add a dark nav bar here with a link to a separate sign up page so you to jump over the
documentation figure out what class calls you need to do to make the navigation bar dark and then add
in a list item with an anchor tag in it that actually links to the other team I'll file.
So this him off all right here.
Remember you can always pasan a local HTL file for the ref instead of the anchor tag.
As we discussed in the h tim l crash course step three is create a Jumbotron class division and here
you're going to add in a heading 1 just call the site whatever you want something like puppies look
school and then add in some form ipsum.
So like two paragraphs of lore if some text inside of that Jumbotron then step four is the big part
of this project is trying to figure out how to put these six image links right here.
So it says source is equal to this large splash dot com and put those in a carousel at the bottom of
the page.
So you need to figure out how best to actually implement that will give you a lot of leeway as far as
what the carousel type should be or what it should finally look like in the end.
But keep in mind this is the big part of the project being able to go to the documentation.
Look up carrousel something we haven't worked with before and then implement them with your own image
files here.
Once you've done that remember that we wanted you to link to a separate Sign-Up page inside the navigation
bar.
So upon clicking that link you should go to this h tim l file and we've actually already put in the
bootstrap links there at the top.
But your job here is to just copy and paste the nav bar from the other page here as well.
So you get that continuous nav bar no matter what page you're on and then you can create your own form
here instead of a jumbotron and container.
Does it really matter what the form is.
You can just do something simple like email password and then sign up or really make it as complex as
you like.
Main idea here is that you're going to implement a bootstrap form with those nice classes right below
this nav bar.
OK.
So let's take a look at what the completed project should look like.
All right.
Here I have with the completed solution should look like we have this Wellcome nav bar.
Notice there's a sign up over here all the way on the right.
We have this Jumbotron it's inside of a container it says cool puppy looks that's the heading one.
And then I have this Loar ipsum text so two paragraphs alarm at some.
And then at the bottom I've been able to create this carousel of these cute puppy pics from those on
Splash links and if you click on the carousel you can end up cycling through them.
Again we haven't actually shown you how to make a carousel.
You need to go up in the documentation and figure out how to add those in.
Keep in mind these pictures are really really large files as far as the project goes.
You don't need to worry about resizing them.
You can just have a huge carousel at the bottom but if you opt for a bonus you can edit the width and
height and figure out how to do that as well through some extra CSX calls.
But for the most part don't really worry about the images being really large.
We would expect this carousel to be really big at the bottom.
OK so back to the nav bar you should be able to click seinen and that should link you to the other HVM
L that Sign-Up h t m l.
And then here we see a container a Jumbotron log in tree email and password.
And here we have email password and don't worry about redirecting on a submit.
Once you submit you can just refresh this page essentially meaning you don't have any action inside
of this form.
OK.
Coming up next we're going to walk you through an example solution.
We'll see you there.